---
title: S06E08
type: docs
weight: 8
---

# {{< page-title >}}

{{< columns >}}
Ladies Nite at the Lounge

{{< youtube id="HpdLviaDdKM" >}}

GRRLS RULE, BOYS DROOL; it’s Ladies Night at the Lounge! Join us for a rockin set list of all female artists, including our host Kate Nyx!

Aired: 2021-10-19

{{< blockquote author="Kate Nyx and Ophidian the Cobra" source="S06E08" link="https://youtu.be/HpdLviaDdKM?t=5586" >}}
<b>Kate:</b>  Question number next!  Which I believe is question number last, eh?<br/>
<b>Ophidian:</b>  This question come to us from Grumpimus Primimus.<br/>
<b>Kate:</b>  Waaaaaauuuuuuu<br/>
...<br/>
<b>Ophidian:</b>  Primimus asks<br/>
<b>Kate:</b>  Mmmm, Primimus Grumpimus<br/>
<b>Ophidian:</b> Why<br/>
<b>Kate:</b>  Why<br/>
<b>Ophidian:</b>  is<br/>
<b>Kate:</b>  Why is<br/>
<b>Ophidian:</b>  Goblin<br/>
<b>Kate:</b>  Fffffffff.  You going to give me crisis.  Grumpimus Primimus.  You going to give me crisis!  Why is goblin?  Well.  Here is thing.  Because it is not a child anymore, is it?  The thing in you that is strange.  It is not a child.  It has lived through a life and it is not a child anymore.  But it is not necessarily what people like of you in society, eh?  The part of you that is feeling the deep feelings, that is worried about change, that wants to scream and shout and dance and sing and cry and hide.  It is not a child anymore.  So how do we refer to it?  Yes, you could say it is your inner child, but it is older.  It is fully grown.  And it is still very feral.  How do we refer to this part of us?  So I make goblin.  Goblin is the inner child that is grown.  It is maybe not grown in the best circumstances, did not get to be a grown up like grown full adult.  It did not get to stay a child inside of you as the outer part grew.  Because it saw something or it did something or what have you.  But.  It is there.  We have to be kind to it, we have to be nice to it, we have to see it as a part of our selves without feeling like we are completely disassociating from the part of us that is at our core.  So.  Goblin.  The inside of you that is feral and strange and hard to like and too loud and offputting and too much, is enough in goblin.  Perfect amount.<br/>
<br/><br/>
So is goblin.
{{< / blockquote >}}

### Segments
* Learning Got-Got With Margot Starlux 3
* Magic Bartender 4
* Motivation With Moxie 6
* Trash Goblin Institute for Goblin Who Cannot Trash Good
* 1-800-REPLY-GUY
* The Part Where I Talk 8


### Setlist
* Black Sky Lullaby - Kate Nyx
* Heartbreaker - Pat Benatar
* Goodbye Earl - The Chicks
* Bianca - Kate Nyx (outlaw country style)
* You Oughta Know - Alanis Morissette
* Make Waves - Kate Nyx
* What Would Peggy Carter Do? - Kate Nyx (torch style)
* Bitch - Meredith Brooks
