---
title: S06E07
type: docs
weight: 7
---

# {{< page-title >}}

{{< columns >}}
DICEBREAK d20 - Chosen by Fate, Performed by Kate

{{< youtube id="mscoVdeUPJg" >}}

In a return to normalcy after wresting the show free from the clutches of Corporate Sponsor, Kate brought back an old favorite with a new twist.  DICEBREAK! has made many appearances, but this season two additional modifiers were added:  A list of four possible genres to transform the song to, different from the normal style of the song, and changing from the usual instrument to electric guitar.

Aired: 2021-10-12

{{< blockquote author="Ophidian the Cobra" >}}
Hold on, no, they need to hear this!  I have been relegated to a button pusher!  And I can do backflips!
{{< / blockquote >}}

{{< blockquote author="Kate Nyx and Ophidian the Cobra" link="https://youtu.be/mscoVdeUPJg?t=4445" >}}
<b>Ophidian, in chat:</b>  It's gonna be like a Guns N Roses concert in philly up in this Lounge
<b>Kate, stopping mid-song:</b>  Hey!  That's not fair!  How could you!?
<b>Ophidian, laughing hysterically:</b>  That wasn't-- You didn't let me finish!  I'm!  I'm typing more!
<b>Kate:</b>  I'm...  I'm stopping my song.  Until you finish whatever the fuck you're gonna say!  Because that is the gravest insult you have ever launched against me!  Bitch, how could you!?
<b>Ophidian:</b>  They...  they may not know the reference!
<b>Kate:</b>  Put your mask on and tell the people what the fuck is going on!  It's The Part Where Ophidian Talks.
...
<b>Ophidian:</b>  Alright.  Back in the, I believe, early 2000s.  My memory isn't always great, cause, you know, concussion brain.  Uh, but, uh--
<b>Kate:</b>  Oh, this is Ophidian the Cobra, former professional wrestler Ophidian the Cobra of "The Most Illegal Move in the History of Wrestling" fame, for those of you-- for the first time you're tuning in, I'm sorry.
...
<b>Ophidian:</b>  So, uh, Guns N Roses, it was during their comeback tour, I believe it was for <i>Chinese Democracy</i>, when that was running.  Uh, that album.  And, uh, concert's going on, and uh-- or, should be going on.  But Axl Rose never shows up.  So, Philly does what Philly does, and started ripping up the seats in the arena and destroying the venue.  And just chucking it at the stage.  And, uh, you know, generally being Philadelphia.  It was super chaotic and he just never played.  Just didn't.
<b>Kate:</b>  He just no-showed his own show!
<b>Ophidian:</b>  ...while Philly just <b>wrecked</b> the venue, ripping up seats that were bolted to the ground!
<b>Kate:</b>  I would never no-show my own show!
<b>Ophidian:</b>  No, it wasn't that!  I'm saying it was gonna be as chaotic.  Like, we were getting to the level of chaos--
<b>Kate:</b>  Okay.  I thought you were saying I was at an Axl Rose level of performance quality, and I was like, "You... are gunnin' for a divorce."
<b>Ophidian:</b>  No, it was the--  That's why I specifically said in Philly, because he never played, but Philly got real rowdy!
{{< / blockquote >}}

### Segments
* Jeff Stormer Eats a Meatloaf Sandwich
* Learning Got-Got With Margot Starlux 2
* Motivation With Moxie 5
* Magic Bartender 4
* 1-800-REPLY-GUY (repeat)
* The Part Where I Talk 7
* White Rabbit - Jefferson Airplane (recorded live at Spoutwood Farm)


### Setlist
* Circus - Britney Spears
* Kiss From a Rose - Seal (on electric guitar)
* Rainbow Lemonade & Gin - Kate Nyx (faerie folk style)
* Spring Cleaning - Kate Nyx (torch style, on electric guitar)
* Annabelle - Kate Nyx (faerie folk style, on electric guitar)
* As The World Falls Down - David Bowie (klezmer punk style)
* Crazy - Britney Spears (outlaw country style)
