---
title: S06E05
type: docs
weight: 5
---

# {{< page-title >}}

THE LULLABY LOUNGE NOVELTY HOUR Speakeasy Edition

{{< youtube id="LyDzMT94Bz4" >}}

This week, after the previous technical issues the week before, Corporate Sponsor disabled Kate's access to their satellites for the week to give her show a "break."  Because of this, the Lullaby Lounge went online via backup servers without the Sponsor's permission.

{{< blockquote author="Kate Nyx" >}}
We've never met, Holly and I.  We've just been friends for a decent amount of time, on the internet.  I've actually never met any of the GOOCroo in person.  The only one who has met either one of us is Sondra, and I believe Sondra met Ophidian at a wrestling show for very few minutes. ... It's what the Lullaby Lounge is.  You know?  It's the point.  It's connecting across the oceans, across the telephone lines, it's what the Network won't <b>admit</b> is important because we "don't have the proper viewer metrics," or whatever.  The thing that makes this space special is the fact that we have all agreed that this is important to us.  We've all said on Tuesday nights we come here and it's a lounge.  We have all given each other permission to participate in the experience that is this show.  And to allow ourselves to feel how we're gonna feel, and to express what we're going to express, because that's the nature of it.  And...  I just love those things that we find, these weird little connections, these similarities or differences or whatever.  These synchronicities that line up that give us another thread to hang onto that makes that relationship feel more real, because in a time when so few of us can see each other, in general, let alone a time where we're meeting each other across oceans to be friends.  I think those things are important.  That every time I think of <i>idiot child.</i> I think of...  I think of Holly's eldest.  And it's just they're, they're the same.  They're connected forever in my mind.  Just like the young girl who I wrote <b>Pretty Girl</b> for, though her parent and I are not necessarily as close as we were when I wrote it, it's still her song.  And the song of all my goblinchildren.
{{< / blockquote >}}

Aired: 2021-09-21

### Segments
* Motivation with Moxie 3
* Magic Bartender 2
* Crooked Spine Creative Soap Review
* Legends of the Hidden Frog
* Learning Got-Got With Margot Starlux (repeat)
* The Part Where I Talk (about Evil Dead) 5
* Trash Goblin Institute For Goblin Who Can't Trash Good 3
* 1-800-REPLY-GUY (repeat)


### Setlist
* Diagnonsense - Kate Nyx
* Seven Nation Army - The White Stripes
* Stormy Weather - Etta James
* Rainbow Lemonade & Gin - Kate Nyx
* little girl, BIG LIAR - Kate Nyx
* In The End - Linkin Park
* Fever - Peggy Lee
* As the World Falls Down - David Bowie
* Blood and Bone - Kate Nyx
* Crock Pot Chicken - Kate & Ophidian
