---
title: S01E20099
type: docs
weight: 17
---

# {{< page-title >}}

{{< columns >}}
Lullaby Lounge: Soothing Springtime

{{< youtube id="YirfXMLCl6I" >}}

Aired: 2020-04-08

The previous week's show was really intense, so Kate made this one a lot more low key and chill.  Lots of slower, quieter songs, after nearly blowing out her voice the previous week.

{{< blockquote author="Kate Nyx" source="S01E20099" >}}
One of the things that, um, I get kind of...  When the trolls do come for me, on the rare occasion, it doesn't happen that often.  When the trolls <b>do</b> come for me, their favorite thing, it is their <b>favorite</b> thing, so...  just the favorite thing.  The trolls <b>love</b> to come at me for attention seeking.  And I don't know how to break it to them, but like, if I wanted to make art just for myself and for it never to get attention, I would not put it on the internet.  So when people tell me that I'm attention seeking, I'm just like, "Yes.  Yes, I am.  And you are seeking attention from me by coming at me."  We're all seeking attention and it's fine.  Because that attention that we crave, that human connection that we're looking for, is the validation, the need to feel reflected and understood.  The need to see someone as a mirror and feel you're...  they're on the same page as you, you know?  That's not a bad thing.  There's nothing wrong with seeking attention or external validation, as long as it isn't the only way that you develop your own value.  It's so important that you be kind to yourself about seeking human connection.  You are <b>not</b> meant to spend all of our time alone, never talking to each other, and only working.  We were meant to experience art together, to see things together, to be in clubs, et cetera!  Which is why this time is so hard, and why places like the Lullaby Lounge are so important.  It's why I'm very grateful that you've decided to stop in today.
{{< / blockquote >}}

{{< blockquote author="Kate Nyx" >}}
This dress is cute.  But I have sweat through it.  Because I am a sticky frog lady.
{{< / blockquote >}}

### Setlist
* A Boy in Black - Kate Nyx
* Heroine - Kate Nyx
* Little Drop of Poison - Tom Waits
* Road to Hell - Kate Nyx
* I Will Follow You Into the Dark - Death Cab for Cutie
* I Wanna Be Loved By You - Marilyn Monroe
* Clap If You Believe - Kate Nyx
* No Parking Sign - Kate Nyx
* Dream a Little Dream of Me - Doris Day
* Calm Down - Kate Nyx
