---
title: S01E20092
type: docs
weight: 16
---

# {{< page-title >}}

{{< columns >}}
LULLABY LOUNGE: ROCK EDITION

{{< youtube id="ciFccH42JIc" >}}

Aired: 2020-04-01

This episode is exactly what the title says, featuring rock focused songs.  It also has a whole lot of important quotes, including an explanation of Kate referring to her community as LODESTARs.

{{< blockquote author="Kate Nyx" source="S01E20092" >}}
Alright.  Who is ready TO ROCK?  I know that I started this in a little bit of a flustered state.  I'm looking forward to taking out that pent up energy and anger at myself and putting it into something worthwhile, using music.  That is one of the greatest things, I think, like, one of the most important parts of this live stream is that without my music, I sort of have this pent up aggression, rage, depression, that doesn't have anywhere to go.  And it ends up seeping into my day-to-day life in really negative ways.  But I find that when I'm playing music, specifically when I'm playing music for a live audience, be that in streams or else-wise, then I can sort of use that energy that I would use to just beat myself up or be negative to bring art into the world and process those emotions, and use them as a way to help other people who are having issues with aggression, or depression, et cetera, to, um, you know, use it for something better than that.  To process those feelings on their own terms and, you know, just get through whatever it is they're going through.
{{< / blockquote >}}

{{< blockquote author="Kate Nyx" source="After playing You Oughta Know" >}}
I went for it!  I went for it! ... Wow.  That fucked up my neck somehow.  Oof.  My eyelash is coming of.  Somehow I hurt my neck singing that.  All my arms and limbs is tingly.  I went too hard.  I might have rocked too hard.  My poor, little meatsack body is, um...  Hoo.  Hooooooo.  I rocked too hard.  I rocked too hard.  I think I am gonna...  Hoo.  Wow.  That hurt.  Like, legitimately.  That hurt me!  I was...  It was.  It was.  I hurt myself, genuinely!  I can't...  I can't.  I can't rock less.  What am I gonna do?  ROCK LESS?  I don't care!  I'll break 'em!  I'll break every rowdy bone in my body for the sake of rock and roll!  Seriously, that really messed up my neck.  I think it's how the strap gripped on my slick, extremely sweaty body.  For those of you that don't know, I'm a sweaty-ass lady.  I'm, like, one of the sweatiest ladies I know.  Um.  Lindsey Noel can back me up, I'm an extremely sweaty lady.  She has seen the, the, level at which my...  My underboob is like, actually, secretly a teleportation system to Niagara Falls, and the amount of liquid that dispenses from the underside of my breast-- It's honestly revolutionary.  I should be given a prize.
{{< / blockquote >}}

{{< blockquote author="Kate Nyx" source="After playing Bet It On the Bootstraps" >}}
So, for a long time, I've been sort of, like, trying to figure out how to...  What to call y'all.  Because I have...  I don't like "fans" or "followers" because I think that really discounts how much y'all mean to me.  I don't like calling just y'all my "fans."  Because whilst you might be a fan of what I do, um, I just think it's diminishing.  I don't-- I think it's not, um, it doesn't show the depth of our relationship.  I think it's un--  I think it's not the right word.  "Follower" I think is even worse, because it makes me feel like a cult leader.  Though, we have determined that I am allowed to say hell because the Friday stream is now church.  Shout out to my Rowdy Bones Gang!

So I didn't like calling y'all "fans" or "followers," and for a long time I would say "party members" because, like, we're an adventuring party together.  But, even that, I felt like that was diminishing the connection that we have and how important your opinion is to me.  Um...  I feel like calling you my "friends" is not only pretentious, it's also presumptuous.  And I just couldn't find a word that I liked that was appropriate for what y'all are to me.

So, I recently-- I recently had this sort of epiphany. ... I had an epiphany the other night when I was writing out an Instagram caption.  Because I called you, in just a colloquial way, I called you my "lodestars."  Now, a lodestar is a guiding star, like the North Star.  Um, or any, either of the pole stars.  It's an old English term meaning a star that is used to guide a ship.  And I thought that was so appropriate, because you really are a huge part of what guides, not only my direction as an artist, but how successful I am.  Like, your contributions to the Kate-riarchy, whether you share and like and comment on stuff, it really does make or break, like, this experience.  It can, whether you comment on something and interact with something, can make a post live or die, which means that many people don't see me or do see me.  And it also, I think, is indicative of just how much your opinion can shape the content here in the Kate-riarchy.  Whether it means that I'm doing a rock set and taking requests, or what I wear, or what I do my makeup as.  Or just, in general, the things that happen here.  The fact that there could be a Family Friday stream.  That stuff is all because of your contributions to this space.  And I think that the word lodestar, spelled l-o-d-e-s-t-a-r, is a perfect description of what you all are to me.  You are my lodestars.  You are the guiding light that helps me when I have lost my way.  When I feel like I don't know what I'm doing next, or, like, I don't know where I'm going, I turn to you for your opinion.  For your creativity.  For your feelings on the matter.  And that is a huge part of how I choose to conduct business and create here in this space.  Um.  I think it's the best thing I could possibly call you.  So, I hope that you like that word too.  It's sort of a weird, old word, which I think was suitable, because I'm a weird, old lady.  I'm a weird, old bog witch.  And, um, I hope that you can take this word and feel empowered by it.  And know that your contribution to this space is just as, if not more, important than my contribution to it. ... We really are all in this together.  And I think that that term is the best way to show you all just what it means-- what YOU mean to me.
{{< / blockquote >}}

### Setlist
* Beautiful Dead - Kate Nyx
* You Oughta Know - Alanis Morissette
* What You Feel - Buffy The Vampire Slayer: Once More, With Feeling
* Bet It On the Bootstraps - Kate Nyx
* Kiss From a Rose - Seal
* Please Share - Kate Nyx
* In Your Grave - Kate Nyx
* Heartbreaker - Pat Benatar
* Dead Men Can't Catcall - Kate Nyx
* Shapeshifter - Josie and the Pussycats
* I Will Survive - Gloria Gaynor
