---
title: S01E20064
type: docs
weight: 13
---

# {{< page-title >}}

{{< columns >}}
Lullaby Lounge low key edition 

{{< youtube id="9_KF2niSm38" >}}

Aired: 2020-03-04

This episode opens with a few pre-recorded portions.  <b>Mein Herr</b> (a cover originally by Liza Minnelli), then a recording of Kate's first gig in 2006 where she played <b>Beautiful Dead</b>.  Then a brief tour of Kate's workspace for Closet Champion.  Then <b>Don't Block the Box</b>.  Then behind the scenes clips from Kate's <b>Fell In Love With a Girl</b> video.  This episode didn't have an actual setlist, Kate winged it with requests.  During the midroll, she played the video for <b>little girl, BIG LIAR</b>.  She also composed a brief original song live on the stream at the request of a viewer who bought the commission on her [ko-fi](https://ko-fi.com/katenyx).  The song was about faeries and mermaids making art together.
{{< blockquote author="Kate Nyx" >}}
You know, what makes people like spending money is sadness.  So, to fill the hole in your heart, go buy my art!  Thank you!  (audible gasp) Is that the new slogan?  Oh no!  I think I did a capitalism.
{{< /blockquote >}}

### Setlist
* Tell Me Ma - Traditional
* sell out! - Kate Nyx
* Arise Fair Sun - Kate Nyx
* Little Drop of Poison - Tom Waits
* Black Sky Lullaby - Kate Nyx
* What Would Peggy Carter Do? - Kate Nyx
* So Pretty When You're Mean - Kate Nyx
* Long Sleeves in Summer [I Believe] - Kate Nyx
* Clap If You Believe - Kate Nyx
* Of Lily & Lorelei - Kate Nyx
* Bianca - Kate Nyx
* Pretty Girl - Kate Nyx
* Blood and Bone - Kate Nyx
* Untitled Faerie/Mermaid Song - Kate Nyx
