---
title: S03E01
type: docs
weight: 1
---

# {{< page-title >}}

{{< columns >}}
Lullaby Lounge: Season Threason Premiere

{{< youtube id="cGqgVswYxWM" >}}

Aired: 2020-09-15
Posted: 2020-11-02

This episode was the first of season 3.  A theme song was introduced, which would carry over through the end of the run of the series.  Kate also teased viewers with "Violet Delacour and Her Many Secrets," a fanfiction she wrote when she was ten years old.  Parts of the story were read during the stream.  A dramatic reading and complete score of it as a radio play was added as a patron goal on her Patreon.

{{< blockquote author="Kate Nyx" source="S03E01" link="https://youtu.be/cGqgVswYxWM?t=3507" >}}
That's weird, we're not gonna read that part.  There's, like, a part where a young girl marries Snape- that's not good.  Let's just get to the part where they describe the outfits.
{{< / blockquote >}}

{{< blockquote author="Kate Nyx" source="S03E01" link="https://youtu.be/cGqgVswYxWM?t=5377" >}}
I am reading this very specific paragraph.  This one, right here.  This little segment.  Very important.  Um.  Here we go.
<br/>
<i>From Violet's point of view.</i>
<br/>
"How could they think it was me in those books?" I thought, as I climbed the stairs to my classroom.  I had <b>many</b> secrets.  Such as my immense power, and reflection of spells.  I can control anything so they can't block it.  I don't need a wand.  And I have strength so immense I could lift up a building.  I am an expert at martial arts.  I could kill Voldemort with a nod of my head.  And I can blink.  (Blinking is where you think about a place, and you're there.)
<br/>
That's in there.  I had to tell you.  The explanation of blinking is in the text.  Which is actually pretty, um, close to the spell in D&D.  I was not playing Dungeons and Dragons at this point in time, but it's there.
<br/>
(Blinking is where you think about a place, and you're there.)  I can freeze time, without the spell I used.  I can do anything, and yet, I am still muggle-born.  I can read minds.  I can sense evil.  And I can tell if someone is behind me or not.  It is amazing what I can do.  And only Eliza and I know where I got it from.  When I was a little girl, a horrible accident occurred.  I will tell them about it someday.
{{< / blockquote >}}

### Setlist
* Kiss From a Rose - Seal
* sell out! - Kate Nyx
* Feel Good, Inc - Gorillaz
* Crying Wolf - Kate Nyx (feat Ophidian the Cobra on melodica)
* The Magic - Kate Nyx
* Bitch - Meredith Brooks
* Blood and Bone - Kate Nyx
* Make Waves - Kate Nyx
